Welcome to Applied Data Science with Python! PrerequisitesWelcome to Applied Data
Science with Python! Prerequisites In order to be successful in this course you need to
know how to program in Python. If you have a strong programming background already, the
first week will introduce you to the Python programming language, and help you learn
important constructs (such as slicing of arrays, and lambda functions) which you might
not be used to. If you do not have a strong programming background, or you want to
refresh your understanding of Python, we highly recommend the Coursera course
Programming for Everybody, taught by our colleague Dr. Chuck Severance.

Grading and Assignments The goal in this course is to provide you with increasingly
challenging assignments, where the first assignment is relatively simple, and by the end
of the four weeks you are completing a real-world data science project suitable for
putting in a portfolio to show prospective employers. Because of this, the majority of
assignments in this course are autograded programming assignments.

All assignments for this course require a 80% grade to pass, but some assignments have
questions which build upon earlier questions. If you're not sure what kind of output is
required, or think there is a need for more clarity, please head to the course
discussion forums. Note that some assignments and in video quizzes may not be mobile
friendly.

Working Offline While the Coursera platform has an integrated Jupyter Notebook system,
you can work offline on your own computer by installing Python 3.5+ and the Jupyter
software packages. For more details, consult the Jupyter Notebook FAQ.

Help! If you're having problems, here are a couple of great places to go for help:

If the problem is with the Coursera platform such as verification on assignments, in
video quiz problems, or the Jupyter Notebooks, please check out the Coursera Learner
Support Forums If the problem deals with understanding the assignment or how to use the
Jupyter Notebooks, please read our Jupyter Notebook FAQ page in the course resources If
you have questions with the content of the course, or questions about programming in
python or with the toolkits described, you can contact your peers and the course
instructors in the discussion forums, or go to Stack Overflow

In order to be successful in this course you need to know how to program in Python. If
you have a strong programming background already, the first week will introduce you to
the Python programming language, and help you learn important constructs (such as
slicing of arrays, and lambda functions) which you might not be used to. If you do not
have a strong programming background, or you want to refresh your understanding of
Python, we highly recommend the Coursera course Programming for Everybody, taught by our
colleague Dr. Chuck Severance.

Grading and Assignments The goal in this course is to provide you with increasingly
challenging assignments, where the first assignment is relatively simple, and by the end
of the four weeks you are completing a real-world data science project suitable for
putting in a portfolio to show prospective employers. Because of this, the majority of
assignments in this course are autograded programming assignments.

All assignments for this course require a 80% grade to pass, but some assignments have
questions which build upon earlier questions. If you're not sure what kind of output is
required, or think there is a need for more clarity, please head to the course
discussion forums. Note that some assignments and in video quizzes may not be mobile
friendly.

Working Offline While the Coursera platform has an integrated Jupyter Notebook system,
you can work offline on your own computer by installing Python 3.5+ and the Jupyter
software packages. For more details, consult the Jupyter Notebook FAQ.

Help! If you're having problems, here are a couple of great places to go for help:

If the problem is with the Coursera platform such as verification on assignments, in
video quiz problems, or the Jupyter Notebooks, please check out the Coursera Learner
Support Forums If the problem deals with understanding the assignment or how to use the
Jupyter Notebooks, please read our Jupyter Notebook FAQ page in the course resources If
you have questions with the content of the course, or questions about programming in
python or with the toolkits described, you can contact your peers and the course
instructors in the discussion forums, or go to Stack Overflow
